README.md, before:

# genetic-endgame

###### Just messing around with some stuff
Playing with some Angular.js, some heroku, some bootstrap, and tornado.

The idea here is to build some sort of web application using tools that I am not (*overly*) familiar with, just as a way to exercise the ol' grey-matter. I don't know what I'll do yet, I doubt it will be very useful to the world at large, but it's going to be something. Why is this called **Genetic-Endgame**? Because Heroku can randomly give your project a name for you - after clicking through a few random names, I saw one with the word *genetic* and another with the word *endgame*. So, **Genetic-Endgame** was born!

### Angular.js
Creates single page javascript applications, I guess. This page is magically loaded by javascript! It's a rediculously complicated way to load just a simple page like this, but interesting to learn.

[Details on Angular.js](https://angularjs.org/)

### Bootstrap
I don't really *do* design, so the bootstrap library does all the fancy things I think I want. Responsive design, nice typography, some fancy widgets when necessary.

[Details on Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)

### Heroku
Being cheap, I don't want to spend a whole lot of money to host a site I'm just playing around with, but being mostly a server-side developer, I want to be able to play with relational databases, NoSQL databases, and server-side APIs. Heroku is a crazy way to do all that for free (with limitations)

[Details on Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/)

### Tornado
After using Python based web-frameworks for *a decade* now, python feels like home. That being said, I've grown complacent with Pylons/Pyramid, and want to try something different. So I've looked to Tornado - which uses asynchronous networking and other cool stuff. I don't know what I can do with that, yet!

[Details on Tornado](http://www.tornadoweb.org/)

Commit message:

Text Updates.
Fixed the link in the flask section of the about page, so it no longer points to Tornado.

Updated the README.md file to mimic the new text on the about page.

README.md, after:

# genetic-endgame

###### Just messing around with some stuff
Playing with some Angular.js, some heroku, some bootstrap, and tornado.

The idea here is to build some sort of web application using tools that I am not (*overly*) familiar with, just as a way to exercise the ol' grey-matter. I don't know what I'll do yet, I doubt it will be very useful to the world at large, but it's going to be something. Why is this called **Genetic-Endgame**? Because Heroku can randomly give your project a name for you - after clicking through a few random names, I saw one with the word *genetic* and another with the word *endgame*. So, **Genetic-Endgame** was born!

### Angular.js
Creates single page javascript applications, I guess. This page is magically loaded by javascript! It's a rediculously complicated way to load just a simple page like this, but interesting to learn.

[Details on Angular.js](https://angularjs.org/)

### Bootstrap
I don't really *do* design, so the bootstrap library does all the fancy things I think I want. Responsive design, nice typography, some fancy widgets when necessary.

[Details on Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)

### Heroku
Being cheap, I don't want to spend a whole lot of money to host a site I'm just playing around with, but being mostly a server-side developer, I want to be able to play with relational databases, NoSQL databases, and server-side APIs. Heroku is a crazy way to do all that for free (with limitations)

[Details on Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/)

### Flask
After using Python based web-frameworks for *a decade* now, python feels like home. That being said, I've grown complacent with Pylons/Pyramid, and want to try something different. So I've looked to Tornado - which uses asynchronous networking and other cool stuff. After a lot of research, I don't think I need asynchronous features, so down with tornado! **Flask** is where it's at now. Small, I can add the stuff I want (mako, sqlalchemy, and so on).

[Details on Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/)
